Plugins: Add notices to docs to prevent NPX commands from hanging (#44043)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/_index.md

npx @grafana/toolkit plugin:create my-grafana-plugin
```

> > **Note:** If running NPM 7+ the `npx` commands mentioned in this article may hang. If so use `npx --legacy-peer-deps <command to run>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If running NPM 7+ the `npx` commands mentioned in this article may hang. The workaround is to use `npx --legacy-peer-deps <command to run>`.
```
